# EGFA-STF
EGFA-STF: A remote sensing spatiotemporal fusion network with edge-guided feature attention.

Remote sensing spatiotemporal fusion play a crucial role in Earth science applications. However, there are still some problems, such as fuzzy edges and the uneven distribution of pixels, in the extraction of salient features by convolutional neural networks. To address these issues, we propose a spatiotemporal fusion network with edge-guided feature attention based on remote sensing called EGFA-STF. First, an edge extraction module is used to retain edge details in the process of feature extraction to solve the problem of edge blurring. Second, a feature fusion attention module is used to make adaptive adjustments to the extracted features, thus solving the problem of weight variation in different channels of the network with a spatial attention mechanism. Additionally, the uneven pixel distribution problem is addressed with a pixel attention mechanism to highlight the significant features of the images. We input the features extracted by the edge module and the encoder into the feature attention module at the same time; additionally, the weights of edges, pixels, channels and other features are adaptively learned. Finally, three remote sensing spatiotemporal fusion datasets, AHB, Daxing and Tianjin, are used to verify the method. The experimental results show that the proposed method is better than the three representative methods used for comparison in terms of the overall visual effect and five objective evaluation indexes: SAM, PSNR, CC, SSIM and RMSE. Thus, the proposed spatiotemporal fusion algorithm is feasible for remote sensing analysis.


Cite:Cheng, F.; Fu, Z.; Tang, B.; Huang, L.; Huang, K.; Ji, X. STF-EGFA: A Remote Sensing Spatiotemporal Fusion Network with Edge-Guided Feature Attention. Remote Sens. 2022, 14, 3057. https://doi.org/10.3390/rs14133057
